[Pages] Astro framework guide style guide review (#1930)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/astro.md

# Deploy an Astro site

[Astro](https://astro.build) is a new static-site generator that allows you to build faster, SEO-friendly websites that use less client-side JavaScript code. By default, Astro builds websites that have zero JavaScript runtime code.

In this guide, you will create a new Astro application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.

<Aside type="warning">

**Note:** At the time of publication, Astro is in early beta. Refer to the Astro [GitHub repository](https://github.com/snowpackjs/astro) to stay current with the project's status.

</Aside>

## Setting up a new project

> Create a new project directory (e.g., `astro-site`) by running the following commands in your terminal. Use [`npm init`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v6/commands/npm-init) inside that directory to run the official Astro setup tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new project directory (e.g., `astro-site`) and then initiate Astro's official setup tool by running [`npm init`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v6/commands/npm-init) in your terminal inside that new `astro-site` directory:
```

```sh
$ mkdir astro-site && cd astro-site
$ npm init astro
```

During `init`, Astro will ask you which project type you would like to set up. Your answers will not affect the rest of this tutorial. Select an answer ideal for your project.

## Creating a GitHub repository

Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). After your repository is set up, push your application to GitHub by running the following commands in your terminal:

```sh
# Setup the local repository
$ git init
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/<username>/<repo>
$ git branch -M main

# Commit all initial files
$ git add -A
$ git commit -m "initial commit"

# Send commit to new GitHub repo
$ git push -u origin main
```

## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

> Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > going to the Account Home > Pages dashboard and selecting **Create a project**.

Reviewer 2: I'd remove `going to the Account Home >` and leave it only like `Deploy your site to Pages by logging into **[Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/)** > **Account Home** > **Pages** dashboard and selecting **Create a project**.

> Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > going to the Account Home > Pages dashboard and selecting **Create a project**.

Author: ```suggestion
Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > going to the Account Home > **Pages** dashboard and selecting **Create a project**.
```

> Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > going to the Account Home > **Pages** dashboard and selecting **Create a project**.

Author: ```suggestion
Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > Account Home > **Pages** dashboard and selecting **Create a project**.
```

> You will be asked to authorize access to your GitHub account, if you have not already done so. Cloudflare needs this so that it can monitor and deploy your projects from source. You may narrow access to specific repositories if you prefer; however, you will have to manually update this list [within your GitHub settings](https://github.com/settings/installations) as you wish to attach more repositories to Cloudflare Pages.

Reviewer 2: In the last line, `when you want to add more repositories` instead of `as you wish to attach`?

> You will be asked to authorize access to your GitHub account, if you have not already done so. Cloudflare needs this so that it can monitor and deploy your projects from source. You may narrow access to specific repositories if you prefer; however, you will have to manually update this list [within your GitHub settings](https://github.com/settings/installations) as you wish to attach more repositories to Cloudflare Pages.

Author: ```suggestion
You will be asked to authorize access to your GitHub account if you have not already done so. Cloudflare needs this so that it can monitor and deploy your projects from the source. You may narrow access to specific repositories if you prefer; however, you will have to manually update this list [within your GitHub settings](https://github.com/settings/installations) when you want to add more repositories to Cloudflare Pages.
```

> Select the new GitHub repository that you created above and, in the **Set up builds and deployments** section, provide the following information:

Author: ```suggestion
Select the new GitHub repository that you created and, in the **Set up builds and deployments** section, provide the following information:
```

</TableLayout>

Optionally, you can customize the **Project name** field. It defaults to the GitHub repository's name, but it does not need to match. The **Project name** value is assigned as your `*.pages.dev` subdomain.

<Aside type="warning">

**Important:** Astro requires Node.js v14.x or later to build successfully. You must expand the **Environment Variables (advanced)** section and add a `NODE_VERSION` variable with a value of `14` or greater.

</Aside>

After completing configuration, click the **Save and Deploy** button.

You will see your first deploy pipeline in progress. Pages installs all dependencies and builds the project as specified.

Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it on every new pushed commit.

Additionally, you will have access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments), which repeat the build-and-deploy process for pull requests. With these, you can preview changes to your project with a real URL before deploying them to production.

## Learn more

> You have successfully deployed your Astro site to Cloudflare Pages. To learn more about what you can do with the platform, [refer to the How To section](/how-to).

Author: ```suggestion
You have successfully deployed your Astro site to Cloudflare Pages. To learn more about what you can do with the platform, [refer to the How to section](/how-to).
```
